we will not wait five days because u
we have already finished sourdough we take
her out of the fridge and doing with her
in 5 days you will do the same with
leaven new of why we are just and and
pouring a cup of it is not
surely the same can be a cup
bigger and smaller
the most important thing is the volume of how much u
you ferment but it does not depend much
because sourdough bites her
any volume in about the same time
sculpture
distributed in any quantity
the unit dough drive your ego can be
a little more a little less time it
It will take but the volume is not particularly important
it could be a cup more two more
three times we have now
the amount of leaven and we will increase it
now using water 2 times and add
flour sifted flour
so much will we have
and couples
and always in Russia asked
you to feed
her air
all that we get is not solid
passing through the sieve we add here
Here and bring our couple to
the consistency of thick cream
just like we did it during
cooking our leaven
Now we've got a pair of consistency
thick cream and here
this couple we should stand around
12 hours
roughly speaking you put a sponge in the evening
and in the morning you can already make bread and a couple
us for the night will rise increase in
volume but in this case we have it
will take
probably the whole cup and
in 12 hours it will fall before
volume this is the process which
must come from the test there is a process
which is akin to the fermentation of bacteria they
recycle
flour and flour in the case becomes more
let's say u with you
digestible by our mage on your your
the body and this yeast they become
stronger and able to lift
our dough our dough will
more able to increase in volume